Great job, you completely this course
and this certainly was not a short course.
This instead was a course packed with content
and you now did learn a lot about React
and not just about its core features,
but also about advanced features
and we also had a look behind the scenes
and you really got a lot of in depth knowledge
about all those React features.
Now, with this lecture I wanna ensure
that you can build up on what you learned in this course,
that you don't forget what you learned in this course
and that you can use this course as a foundation
to become an expert React developer
and use React for whatever you wanna use it.
To find a job as a React developer,
to start your own business,
whatever your goals are.
And to very important next step
therefore instead you practice and practice.
This course gives you all the basic knowledge you need
and not just the basics,
also advanced concepts of course.
But it gives you a very solid foundation
and of course, this course also already contains
a lot of exercises and demo projects.
But you need to build up on that,
you need to practice on your own,
build your own demo and dummy projects
and use what you learned in this course
to apply it onto problems you face in your own projects.
And then of course also solve those problems on your own
because that is ultimately
what will turn you into an expert
and what is the key for every developer.
If you wanna become a developer you need to practice
and you need to solve problems.
And therefore consider cloning simplified versions
of popular websites and web apps.
Build your own Amazon clone with React,
maybe leave out the payments part
but add the shopping cart, the products page
and all those core features that make up Amazon.
Maybe all the re-built the course demos
and projects you saw in this course
and then use my lectures again
to compare your solution to mine.
And come up with your own dummy business ideas
and websites which you could build.
These are all possible steps you can take
to apply what you learned in realistic projects.
You can also search and Google for React examples
to find plenty of example, code bases out there
which you can also use to get inspiration
and to then also have a working code base as a solution
once you tried replicating it on your own first.
So really take this advice from me
and apply what you learned and practice.
This is the key to ensure that what you learned today
will not be something you forgot tomorrow
and you will need to practice to really become
and stay
a React developer.